Now let's talk about
AWS certificate manager or ACM,
which is a service to easily provision, manage
and deploy SSL or TLS certificates.
What do you use the certificates for?
Well it's to provide in-fight encryptions
for your websites by providing an HTTPS endpoints.
So let's take an example.
We have our application load balancer
and it is connected in the backend through HTTP
to an auto scaling group with our EC2 instances.
But we want our end users to have HTTPS exposed
on our application of answer.
So to do so we're going to use ACM.
And ACM once it's connected to our domain
is going to be allowing us to provision
and maintain these TLS certificates.
They will be loaded onto our application load balancer
and then automatically the load balancer will be able to
offer HTTPS as an end point for our clients,
which allows us to get in-flight encryption
over the public web.
So ACM supports both public and private TLS certificates
and it is free of charge for public TLS certificates.
There's also a very nice feature
which is automatic TLS certificate renewal
which is very helpful, I use it all the time.
And it has integration, that means
that it loads the TLS certificates on different services.
It could be your elastic load balancer,
your CloudFront distributions
or your API is on API gateway, for example, okay?
So anytime you see what service can help us do
in-flight encryption and generates these certificates
then think ACM, that's it.
I will see you in the next lecture.